# PFA What?

My accountant told me I needed a name for my S-Corp. While I was
mulling that over, I happened to be talking with a friend, rattling
off fake energy drink slogans. After a few decent riffs I said, "I
feel like my arms are made of pit bulls!"

And just like that, I solved my company name problem. *Pitbulls For
Arms, INC* was born. So that's the whole story there. Aside from a
concerned call from TD Bank asking me if my business had to do with
dog fighting, it's been more of a curiosity than anything else. Still,
PFA sounds pretty official, right?

## Me?

### 2000-2003
I fell backward into tech. I was in Seattle at the height of the dot
com bubble. Everybody was in tech and there was this crazy utopian
vibe shaking the city. I figured, why the hell not give it a shot?

I dabbled with Flash(!), then figured I'd learn a little server magic,
dipping my toes into PHP. After that, things escalated. Java, Ruby,
Python, C, Lua, Haskell, and more soon followed.

At this time I started *twelvestone*, a forum for designers and
developers. At its height, there were around 10k active users. It had
many incarnations: an old VBulletin setup, two different custom Rails
forums, and now it exists as a small Slack channel. There's something
there about the evolution of the web, but I'm not going to dig too
deep.

### 2003-2009
In 2005 I found myself in Sydney, Australia
co-founding [Snepo](snepo.com) with two workmates. We built amazing
stuff. A kiosk platform with hundreds of installations--touch screens
before the word "haptic" was used in polite conversation. A massively
parallel video encoding server written in Erlang. A document database
with a REST API written in Haskell *in 2006*. And, of course, lots of
Rails.

In Sydney, in '03/04 the Ruby users group was also the Smalltalk users
group. Just to give a vibe for how close knit and tiny the community
was back then. Times have changed, huh?

### 2008-now
In 2008 I moved back to the US. Consulted for Gucci, Indaba Music, Gin
Lane, WebMD, and a ton others. Was VP Engineering for a startup. Built
an MVP of a dating site that got up to about 3k members before I
shelved it for another project. Lots of good times.

So now, it's 2017, and I still love to spend my time building
interesting stuff, helping smart people be super rad. Give me a shout
and we'll get some coffee

## Other stuff

I do other stuff too. I write fiction and you can see some of it
at [scottyweeks.com](http://www.scottyweeks.com). I also blog about
economics
at [howlittlewisdom.com](http://www.howlittlewisdom.com). And, of
course, you can feel free to stalk me
on github [@weeksie](https://github.com/weeksie) if that's your thing.

